Update Hera site config, update documentation for Hera and (AWS) Ubuntu 20 (#367)
JCSDA/spack-stack: doc/source/MaintainersSection.rst

NOAA RDHPCS Hera
------------------------------

> On Hera, ``miniconda`` must be installedas a one-off before spack can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Hera, ``miniconda`` must be installed as a one-off before spack can be used.
```
